feat: new config to control constants in JMSWorker (#141)
ibm-messaging/kafka-connect-mq-source: README.md

| mq.message.mqmd.read                    | Whether to enable reading of all MQMD fields                                                                            | boolean | false          |                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| mq.max.poll.blocked.time.ms             | How long the connector will wait for the previous batch of messages to be delivered to Kafka before starting a new poll | integer | 2000           | It is important that this is less than the time defined for `task.shutdown.graceful.timeout.ms` as that is how long connect will wait for the task to perform lifecycle operations. |
| mq.client.reconnect.options             | Options governing MQ reconnection.                                                                                      | string  | ASDEF          | ASDEF, ANY, QMGR, DISABLED                                                                                                                                                          |

> | mq.jms.receive.timeout                  | The timeout in milliseconds for receiving messages from JMS Consumer.                                                   | long    | 2000L          | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mq.jms.receive.timeout                  | How long the connector should wait (in milliseconds) for a message to arrive if no message is available immediately                         | long    | 2000          | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

1. Modified the description by copying from the MQ docs about the wait parameter
2. I think there is potential to confuse someone that they need to add the "L" if we include this

> | mq.receive.timeout                      | The timeout in milliseconds for receiving messages from JMS Consumer.                                                   | long    | 2000           | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mq.receive.timeout                      | The timeout (in milliseconds) for receiving messages from the queue manager before returning to Kafka Connect.    | long    | 2000           | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | mq.jms.reconnect.delay.min.ms           | The minimum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 64L            | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: I think there is a risk that users will misunderstand this and confuse it with the JMS client reconnect feature - https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-mq/9.2?topic=reconnection-using-automatic-jms-client 

It's unfortunate, because the name you've used is absolutely the most obvious and logical name. But I think we should name it differently to make it clear that this is how long the connector will pause after an exception before it tries again. 

(Also, I recommend removing the "L" from the default value, as above)

Reviewer: I still think that we need to rename these parameters. I suggest that we don't need to mention "jms" (as that's largely an implementation detail that a user of the Connector doesn't need to know about). 

If you re-frame these parameters as configuring the connection to the queue manager, then we can avoid the overlap with the existing parameter names.

> | mq.jms.reconnect.delay.min.ms           | The minimum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 64L            | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| mq.jms.reconnect.delay.min.ms           | The minimum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 64            | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | mq.reconnect.delay.min.ms               | The minimum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 64             | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mq.reconnect.delay.min.ms               | The minimum delay (in milliseconds) for reconnecting to the queue manager after a connection error. | long    | 64             | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | mq.jms.reconnect.delay.max.ms           | The maximum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 8192L          | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: (same comment as for the min value above)

> | mq.jms.reconnect.delay.max.ms           | The maximum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 8192L          | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| mq.jms.reconnect.delay.max.ms           | The maximum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 8192          | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | mq.reconnect.delay.max.ms               | The maximum delay in milliseconds for reconnect attempts.                                                               | long    | 8192           | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mq.reconnect.delay.max.ms               | The maximum delay (in milliseconds) for reconnecting to the queue manager after a connection error.  | long    | 8192           | 1 or greater                                                                                                                                                                        |
```
